1.	(10) Write a short but complete English description (bullet list OK) of the C++ function system(). Be thorough, but write just a few short phrases.
It invokes the command processor to execute a command. System() is part of the C/C++ standard library. 
It is used to pass the commands that can be executed in the command processor or the terminal of the operating 
system and finally returns the command after it has been completed. 
To see if the command processor is available in the OS or not, pass a null pointer into the system() function. 
The system will return a non-zero value if the command processor is available. 

2.	(5) Write a concise, complete English language description of the C++ provided function fflush(). Be thorough, but write just a few short phrases.

3.	(5) Write a concise, complete English language description of the Linux command whoami. 
Be thorough, but write only few lines. What do you observe executing WHOAMI on Windows?

4.	(10) A C program may call its own main() function. 
A C++ main() function may call its own main() function. 
Compose a short C++ program in which main() calls main(); show program source and output. 
Explain, how your program avoids infinite regress. State a possible use for this capability. Would you design a language this way; why or why not?

I set a timer and check to see if it is larger than 3000 ms. The function will return 0 if it is. I would not design a language this way. Main should not be used recursively
because main should only be called once. Recursion is a useful tool but not for main. 

5.	(10) Write C++ program system1 that uses the “system()” library function; do #include <stdlib.h>. Implement calls to system() with arguments “ls”, “pwd”, and “whoami”. Show the source and program output. Describe briefly what you observe; with output similar to:

6.	(20) Write C++ program system2 that uses command line parameters as program input. To prepare, read about argc, argv, and envp. A possible command to execute is: