Rules for Midterm 1: 150 points; work alone and independently, no use of phone or internet; closed books, closed notes. You may use one regular-sized sheet of notes. Write your name on every separate sheet. Numbers below in parentheses indicate credit points; e.g. 3. (10) means: problem 3 yields 10 points max. Answer via short phrases, no need for full sentences. 
1. (10) Describe 4 main goals and purposes of an OS. 
2. (10) How does an OS become active on a powered-down computer? The OS includes a loader to move object programs into memory; yet how does OS itself get moved into memory? 
3. (10) Describe precisely the essence and function of Direct Memory Access (DMA). 4. (10) What does “privileged mode” execution mean in an OS? 
5. (10) Processes run concurrently, sharing resources, such as memory. How can the OS prevent one process from accessing memory space of another process? 
6. (10) Briefly sketch demand paged Virtual Memory Management. Explain demand, paged, virtual, page-size, page alignment. Contrast with physical memory. 
7. (10) Argue whether VMM is a needed SWE technique, given that memory is cheap. 8. (10) Explain program and process. What are key differences between the two? 
9. (10) Give an example for a hard real-time problem. What makes it real-time? What makes it hard? 
10. (10) Outline the storage hierarchy of a Computer System; list from high-to-low levels. 
11. (10) Devices such as keyboard, printer, are part of a computer system. How do they receive and communicate key information to and from the OS? 
12. (10) List and explain in a short phrase each various physical and program-related parameters of mass-storage components. What are mass storage components of a computer? 
13. (10) Argue, whether it is “fair” that some process p is not currently running, though p has all resources (except the CPU) needed to execute. 
14. (10) List process-related responsibilities of a multi-user, time-sharing OS. 
15. (10) Explain the various size-limits and performance metrics of different HW storage media, from fastest to slowest. Characterize performance broadly by units per second.
